is a farce at PA RK XX I know it's weird
I made it up now seven in your loss I
always got seven hours the seventh grade
I got everything pretty much so little
to our we got next but now looks like we
got on sale on and Neely kneeling so
this is only a single elimination so
there's no losers bracket now I'm not
sure this is where the spinal door in
this is when there's 70s whereas now
this is one is poured no send me through
all right what are your sons we're
feeling each other up remember the
winner of this gifts damn you tube
mew2king plushie attacks by mew2king
himself salem with all the consecutive
hits see it's more like like he doesn't
have combos really per se but it's like
you hit them and then you you you read
where they're going there exactly is all
off the actions yeah exactly that's
perfect I knew you might hit him once
you know block an attack that they fell
hit him again get my air dodge or
something that you hit him again I mean
was a perfect read from Shadow Ball I
think Shadow Ball is amazing killer I
don't go crazy sea meets it has all the
killer power in the world it's just that
he's so light that it I don't think his
kill card makes it for his way but uh
speaking of kill power oh yeah once
again medical hit shadow co-op super
effective come through nearly doesn't
get that side be out in time takes to
almost full charge saddlebow down so
it's so quick yeah I'm stay waiting to
see if anybody figures out something to
do with disabled
I don't know you can't really combo into
it I know I think if you you can jab 12
this a bus hey yo arm shield is David
yeah yeah you shield it or if you're not
if they're not facing you when you use
it it doesn't work at all well going
deep did look at how deep they're going
just coming back nothing salem you too
is clean then you might as well made
meets in salem it is the up flow we
might as well main mean I throw that
puts it into a to stock win for Salem
and match one silent making me to look
like he came out on the game king haha
it's a great character man love seeing
them work I just really hope they've
released some customs for you to buy
Tommy to release to the public you seen
that video although the Blitz the
glitches out with the ten for ten man
smash bank now it's like huh yeah the
customer village it's like you you pick
like me bra or something and you switch
the meet you have the same customer few
hours but they're all they're all like
blitzed out look I gotta see that yeah
amazing pretty well yeah we're on
battlefield thank you for a change of
scenery now battlefield is an
interesting stage from you too because
first of all you're on the platform he
can up smash you while you're standing
second his side mean if you feel like
he's trying to do it if you get hit with
his side me underneath the platform you
automatically land on the top of the
platform if you don't tech you can
proudly you're probably gonna get us man
once they got figured out then you can
do is out with if you ever on a platform
at those the little ones if you actually
just fall off real quick drop a
confusion to end up on another platform
so the way just remove around the state
religion yep
I mean uh yeah we have used to fish oh
there is no dance there it is Nick jab
got hoping Abdel me that works remember
that guys now it only works if your care
if the character you hit is on the floor
after you jab them it's not gonna work
on like a nest where when you jab him
he's off the ground so like at all
character I can give to somebody like
that that would work text in with the
edge of the waves that's going to end up
put him into a possible 20 min stop all
we try to hit him with the US man wait
for the galaxy salen scene didn't know
he synced it if he said this world is
mine the dugout see I do not control
Salem be reversing the Shadow Ball to
get back to the stage that's just
another recovery oz he has like 18
recovery after his jump to super high
inside of me floats up a little bit to
down me slowly down in the area this man
this man isn't you're not gonna kill me
too unless you actually killed him he's
like he's like village he comes back to
the stage why I'm so gonna come out yeah
oh my god cry good lord alright so right
now state loses first back of the match
of the set of sight back so
disrespectful down from MacBook another
his tail me hit to the stage yeah right
he can wall jump to that's another thing
i forgot to say he can walk soon i
noticed that that's crazy you're not a
killer music so many tools you're not
gonna kill he's not gonna Alicia's SDA
confusion comes in which is definitely a
good recovery option cuz i believe they
even take them out of chute right yeah
yeah so there's nothing you can do if
your f garden I'm you to do not just a
on the edge confusion work their dancers
to command growth get up attacks dosti
up smashing coming up 11 grab alien
stock right now no jump but we all know
it doesn't oh wait never money others up
their mind cause alarm that down so man
that's a great yeah that was a free pint
oh I'm so that is horn all right
insanely gonna take this 20 holy
business all right we gotta let tweaking
bought next BOTS been running through
everybody